Db runtime changes (#140)
codenotary/immudb.io: src/master/develop/management.md

::: tab Go
```go
	client, err := immudb.NewClient()
	if err != nil {

>     	log.Fatal(err)

Reviewer: Something's not quite right with the indentation, please convert all to spaces

::::

### Database listing

This example shows how to list existent databases using `DatabaseListV2` method.

:::: tabs

::: tab Go

```go
	client, err := immudb.NewClient()
	if err != nil {
    	log.Fatal(err)
	}

	ctx := context.Background()
	
	err = client.OpenSession(ctx, []byte(`immudb`), []byte(`immudb`), "defaultdb")
	if err != nil {
    	log.Fatal(err)
	}

	defer client.CloseSession(ctx)

	res, err := client.DatabaseListV2(ctx)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}

	for _, db := range res.Databases {
		fmt.Printf("database: %s, loaded: %v\r\n", db.Name, db.Loaded)
	}
```
:::

::: tab Java
```java

> 	List<String> dbs = immuClient.databases();

Reviewer: This uses old API, maybe we should wait for the SDK to be updated before adding java example ?

Author: while it's not the latest API, it will list database names at least

	// List of database names
```
:::

::: tab Python
This feature is not yet supported or not documented.
Do you want to make a feature request or help out? Open an issue on [Python sdk github project](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb-py/issues/new)
:::

::: tab Node.js
This feature is not yet supported or not documented.
Do you want to make a feature request or help out? Open an issue on [Node.js sdk github project](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb-node/issues/new)
:::

::: tab .Net
This feature is not yet supported or not documented.
Do you want to make a feature request or help out? Open an issue on [.Net sdk github project](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb4dotnet/issues/new)
:::

::: tab Others
If you're using another development language, please refer to the [immugw](/master/immugw/) option.
:::

::::

### Database loading/unloading

Databases can be dynamically loaded and unloaded without having to restart the server. After the database is unloaded, all its resources are released. Unloaded databases cannot be queried or written to, but their settings can still be changed.

> Upon startup, the immudb server will automatically load databases with the attribute `Autoload` set to true.

Reviewer: I'd also add that the default for new databases is to autoload,

also I'd add that if for whatever reason the database can not be loaded upon startup, it will remain closed.

Following example shows how to load and unload a database using `LoadDatabase` and `UnloadDatabase` methods.

:::: tabs

::: tab Go

```go
	client, err := immudb.NewClient()
	if err != nil {
    	log.Fatal(err)
	}

	ctx := context.Background()
	
	err = client.OpenSession(ctx, []byte(`immudb`), []byte(`immudb`), "defaultdb")
	if err != nil {
    	log.Fatal(err)
	}

	defer client.CloseSession(ctx)

	_, err = client.LoadDatabase(ctx, &schema.LoadDatabaseRequest{Database: "mydb"})
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}

	_, err = client.UseDatabase(ctx, &schema.Database{
		Databasename: "mydb",
	})
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}

	// do amazing stuff

	_, err = client.UnloadDatabase(ctx, &schema.UnloadDatabaseRequest{Database: "mydb"})
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
```
:::

::: tab Java
```java

> 	List<String> dbs = immuClient.databases();

Reviewer: Incorrect example

:::

::: tab Others
If you're using another development language, please refer to the [immugw](/master/immugw/) option.
:::

::::

### Database settings

Database settings can be individually changed using `UpdateDatabaseV2` method.

Each database can be configured with a variety of settings. While some values can be changed at any time (though it may require a database reload to take effect), following ones are fixed and cannot be changed: FileSize, MaxKeyLen, MaxValueLen, MaxTxEntries and IndexOptions.MaxNodeSize.

Note: Replication settings take effect without the need of reloading the database.

Following example shows how to update database using `UpdateDatabaseV2` method.

:::: tabs

::: tab Go

```go
	client, err := immudb.NewClient()
	if err != nil {
    	log.Fatal(err)
	}

	ctx := context.Background()
	
	err = client.OpenSession(ctx, []byte(`immudb`), []byte(`immudb`), "defaultdb")
	if err != nil {
    	log.Fatal(err)
	}

	defer client.CloseSession(ctx)

	res, err := client.UpdateDatabaseV2(ctx, "mydb", &schema.DatabaseNullableSettings{
		TxLogCacheSize: &schema.NullableUint32{Value: 1000},
	})
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
```
:::

::: tab Java
```java

> 	List<String> dbs = immuClient.databases();

Reviewer: Incorrect example

	// List of database names
```
:::

::: tab Python
This feature is not yet supported or not documented.
Do you want to make a feature request or help out? Open an issue on [Python sdk github project](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb-py/issues/new)
:::

::: tab Node.js
This feature is not yet supported or not documented.
Do you want to make a feature request or help out? Open an issue on [Node.js sdk github project](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb-node/issues/new)
:::

::: tab .Net
This feature is not yet supported or not documented.
Do you want to make a feature request or help out? Open an issue on [.Net sdk github project](https://github.com/codenotary/immudb4dotnet/issues/new)
:::

::: tab Others
If you're using another development language, please refer to the [immugw](/master/immugw/) option.
:::

::::

<br/>

## Index cleaning

Maintaining a healthy disk usage is crucial. immudb has two operations operations aiming to remove unreferenced data from the index.

> A full index clean-up is achieved by calling `CompactIndex`, which is a routine that creates a fresh index based on the current state, removing all intermediate data generated over time. The index is generated asynchronous, so new transactions may take place as it is created. As a result, if the server is constantly overloaded, there will likely be blocking times when the newly compacted index replaces the current one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full index clean-up is achieved by calling `CompactIndex`, which is a routine that creates a fresh index based on the current state, removing all intermediate data generated over time. The index is generated asynchronously, so new transactions may take place while it is created. As a result, if the server is constantly overloaded, there will likely be blocking times when the newly compacted index replaces the current one.
```

> In the case of continuous load on the server, the `FlushIndex` operation may be used instead. It will dump the current index into disk while partly removing unreferenced data. The `cleanupPercentage` attribute indicates how much space will be released. Even though this operation blocks transaction processing, choosing a small percentage e.g. 0.1 may not significantly hinder normal operations while reducing used storage space. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of continuous load on the server, the `FlushIndex` operation may be used instead. It will dump the current index into disk while partly removing unreferenced data. The `cleanupPercentage` attribute indicates how much space will be scanned for unreferenced data. Even though this operation blocks transaction processing, choosing a small percentage e.g. 0.1 may not significantly hinder normal operations while reducing used storage space. 
```

After some time, several snapshots may be created (specified by flushAfter properties of the btree and the scan requests), the file backing the btree will hold several old snapshots. Thus the clean index process will dump to a different location only the latest snapshot but in this case also writing the unmodified nodes. Once that dump is done, the index folder is replaced by the new one.
While the clean process is made, no data is indexed and there will be an extra disk space requirement due to the new dump. Once completed, a considerable disk space will be reduced by removing the previously indexed data (older snapshots).
The btree and clean up process is something specific to indexing. And will not lock transaction processing as indexing is asynchronously generated.

:::: tabs

::: tab Go
```go
	err = client.CompactIndex(ctx, &emptypb.Empty{})
	// error handling

	err = client.FlushIndex(ctx, &schema.FlushIndexRequest{
		CleanupPercentage: 0.1,

> 		Synced:            true,

Reviewer: This is not documented - what's the difference between synced and not-synced flush?
